---
layout: post
title: "A Metric Based on Insects"
date: 2021-10-19
---

“The worst reality possible is that the universe is conscious”. Conscious and aware is what was really meant. The first natural accident was a projection of omnipotence onto what was conscious and grand. He had heard of these theories before, how artistic they once seemed, but now the concept bothered him. “We play with ideas, twisting the universe into a donut, bending it with gravity, and gifting it with consciousness. Yet how offended a female doctor presumed nurse is”. A far-reaching gap which one day will make sense. These leaps occur frequently once more are observed. Can a metric based on semantics be meaningfully applied? The space between semi-colons will incrementally fascinate. How does a doctor relate to pedagogy? Spoken out loud it is at once discarded. Out loud is out there though, and here we are inside, internal, the space here reads differently. Dispelling into a lacklustre void result in inside. How internal the external becomes once alone. To put it simply, the man who now drifts, has asked himself bluntly, “do the pictures we draw insult the conscious, omnipotent, universe”?

The backdrop inspires, yes, motivation, but also emotion, which can lead to ideas. Ideas can be playful, in fact quite uplifting, but only if they are viewed from above. Looking down toward fragments and imagining oneself within, a playground forms, this is the situation when one holds control. There is room for a question though, and this question is subtle. The profundity is found in its very existence, not unlike many objects of this story. Do pure thoughts exist? Even perhaps irrelevant in the true sense, would it appear? The natural implication is of greatest concern: if a thought appears, is it necessarily not pure? How would one know?

The backdrop impresses, indeed, it influences. It influences emotion, he shifts his position. Looking away but toward the same, mentally, his escape was successful, but he notices shame. For the first time yet it is revealed; the eeriness of when embarrassment meets loneliness. Is the implication disapproval or presence? This slip no longer seems subtle. He would love to ask but to do so is cyclical. “Will you answer, ‘yes’ to this question”? The logic is problematic but worse is the position. What the position implies is a previous beginning. The beginning is the nip point, but he did not plant it. Is traceback again cyclic? The only consciously initiated thought was indeed to traceback. However, one then finds the reason for reflection, does this undermine the logical lapse? The information seems fruitful but then we’re back to questions of purity. Is any of it for free? Does any of it block? Has he already ruined his chance of escape? He should only consider what can be deemed. “Damned if you do and damned if you don’t, I guess… so do and hope? I mean probably...”

These thoughts are thought during a period of patience. This patience is demanded; it takes time to reach planets. Eventually even the cosmos provides a navigation routine.

 “Every small itch, one day in spotlight”. A second natural accident; the projection of inevitability onto what was infinite. 
